DOCSP-33952: Atomic typos (#319)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/context.txt

Connection Establishment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The driver might block an method call if it must create a new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The driver might block a method call if it must create a new
```

connection.

> When the driver must create a new connection to execute an
> operation, the Context sets a timeout for the establishment process. The

Reviewer: S: must is unnecessary here
```suggestion
When the driver creates a new connection to perform an
operation, the Context sets a timeout for the establishment process. The
```
